Add challenge 3 of 100DaysOfGatsby (#20584)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/blog/100days/gatsby-image/index.md

_Over 3,000 web developers have registered for the challenge! Learn more about [#100DaysOfGatsby here](/blog/100days)!_

## Challenge 3: Learn How to Use Images with Gatsby

Gatsby sites are known for their [blazing fast speed](/blog/2019-01-30-flamingo-case-study). The way a Gatsby site [optimizes images](/docs/using-gatsby-image/) is a big reason for that.

This week’s challenge invites you to add images to your blog and learn about a popular and powerful Gatsby feature, `gatsby-image`.

#### Part 1

Add images to your markdown-based blog posts. If you are doing each challenge sequentially, then you have a [Gatsby blog that uses markdown](/100days/start-blog/) for blog posts, and is [deployed live to a CDN](/blog/100days/free-hosting/).

But what good is a blog without beautiful images? We want you to use the resources section below to add auto-optimized images to your markdown blog posts!

#### Part 2

> Now it’s time to get direct experience using the [`gatsby-image` React component](/packages/gatsby-image/)! Create an about page using JSX, then use the gatsby-image API to transform a normal selfie into a square, black-and-white image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now it’s time to get direct experience using the `Img `React component provided by [`gatsby-image` ](/packages/gatsby-image/)! Create an about page using JSX, then use the gatsby-image API to transform a normal selfie into a square, black-and-white image.
```

The previous text is a bit misleading because gatsby-image is a plugin that provides a number of things including a component called `Img`. Making this edit to try and clarify that a bit. They'll need to use the plugin for querying and then when they include the image in JSX they'll use the `Img` component.

Bonus: Take note of the build times for your site before and after you add images to your project. Also, record the performance of specific pages with images, using [a tool like Lighthouse](/docs/audit-with-lighthouse/). As a Gatsby Developer you should be aware of how images affect your site’s production and user experience.

### Challenge Resources

#### Part 1 Resource

Follow this tutorial that explains how to [add images to your markdown-based pages](/docs/working-with-images-in-markdown/). After you configure your site as outlined, Gatsby will auto-optimize your images for you.

#### Part 2 Resource

> [This recipe](/docs/recipes/pages-layouts#directions) will help you to rapidly create an About page using JSX, the preferred templating language for [React](/docs/glossary/react/). After that, you can [learn about gatsby-image](/docs/working-with-images), then [use its API](/docs/gatsby-image/) to transform your selfie into a black-and-white square.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Create an About page](/docs/recipes/pages-layouts/#creating-pages-automatically) using JSX, the preferred templating language for [React](/docs/glossary/react/). After that, you can [learn about gatsby-image](/docs/working-with-images), then [use its API](/docs/gatsby-image/) to transform your selfie into a black-and-white square.
```
